===UABC===
M.T.I.C. Sergio Iván Burgueño Ochoa
===Proyecto de miniblog para clase==
Ruby on Rails 3.2.11
ruby 1.9.3p448
SQLite

01 Creando un proyecto
  + crear un proyecto en rails desde la consola (1)
02 Configuración inicial, controlador y vistas
  + routes.rb
  + Controladores (3)
  + Vistas
  + Servidor de aplicación (6)
03 Modelo, acceso a datos
  + crear un modelo (2)
  + crear base de datos (8)
  + migraciones(4)
  + consola (7)
  + impresión de datos
04 Formularios, validaciones
  + Form Helpers
  + validaciones
05 Gemas, subir archivos
  + gemas y carrierwave (13)
  + agregar columnas a la base  de datos
  + uploaders de carrierwave
06 Plantillas, flash
  + Layouts
  + flash[:notice]



  Listado de comandos

1.  rails new ApplicationName – Create a new application
2.  rails generate/g model ModelName – Creates a model with the specified model_name
3.  rails generate/g controller ControllerName – Creates a controller with the specified controller_name
4.  rails generate/g migration MigrationName – Creates a migration with the specified migration_name
5.  rails destroy controller ControllerName – Destroys the created controller and its related file. Same way you can destroy your model, migration files etc.
6.  rails server/s – start ruby server at http://localhost:3000
7.  rails console/c – Opens the rails console for the current RAILS_ENV
8.  rake db:create – Create the database defined in config/database.yml for the current RAILS_ENV
9.  rake db:drop – Drops the database for the current RAILS_ENV
10. rake db:migrate – Migrate the database through scripts in db/migrate folder.
11. rake db:reset – Drops and recreates the database from db/schema.rb for the current environment.
12. rake doc:app – Build the RDOC HTML Files
13. bundle install - Updates the gems based in the Gemfile file
